  Guest WiFi Wireless Networking Acceptable Use Policy

  We are offering this guest WiFi wireless Internet service (the “Service”) according to this Guest WiFi Wireless
  Networking Acceptable Use Policy (the “Policy”) as a free, non-public service to its visitors for the duration of
  their
  official visits. All users of this Service must agree to the terms of this Policy by clicking the ACCEPT button
  below.We
  do not guarantee the Service or specific rates of speed. We also have no control over information obtained through the
  Internet and cannot be held responsible for its content or accuracy. Use of the service is subject to the user’s own
  risk.We reserve the right to remove, block, filter, or restrict by any other means any material that, in our sole
  discretion, may be illegal, may subject us to liability, or may violate this Policy. We may cooperate with legal
  authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong. Violations of
  this Policy may result in the suspension or termination of access to the Service or other resources, or other actions
  as
  detailed below.

  Responsibilities of Service Users:
  Users are responsible for ensuring they are running up-to-date anti-virus software on their wireless devices. Users
  must
  be aware that, as they connect their devices to the Internet through the Service, they expose their devices to: worms,
  viruses, Trojan horses, denial-of-service attacks, intrusions, packet-sniffing, and other abuses by third-parties.
  Users
  must respect all copyrights. Downloading or sharing copyrighted materials is strictly prohibited. The running of
  programs, services, systems, processes, or servers by a single user or group of users that may substantially degrade
  network performance or accessibility will not be allowed. Electronic chain letters and mail bombs are prohibited.
  Connecting to "Peer to Peer" file sharing networks or downloading large files, such as CD ISO images, is also
  prohibited.Accessing another person's computer, computer account, files, or data without permission is prohibited.
  Attempting to circumvent or subvert system or network security measures is prohibited. Creating or running programs
  that
  are designed to identify security loopholes, to decrypt intentionally secured data, or to gain unauthorized access to
  any system is prohibited. Using any means to decode or otherwise obtain restricted passwords or access control
  information is prohibited. Forging the identity of a user or machine in an electronic communication is prohibited.
  Saturating network or computer resources to the exclusion of another's use, for example, by overloading the network
  with
  traffic such as emails or legitimate (file backup or archive) or malicious (denial of service attack) activity, is
  prohibited. Users understand that wireless Internet access is inherently not secure, and users should adopt
  appropriate
  security measures when using the Service. We highly discourage users from conducting confidential transactions (such
  as
  online banking, credit card transactions, etc.) over any wireless network, including this Service. Users are
  responsible
  for the security of their own devices.

  Limitations of Wireless Network Access:
  We are not liable for any damage, undesired resource usage, or detrimental effects that may occur to a user's device
  and/or software while the user’s device is attached to the Service. The user is responsible for any actions taken from
  his or her device, whether intentional or unintentional, that damage or otherwise affect other devices or users of the
  Service. The user hereby releases the Company from liability for any loss, damage, security infringement, or injury
  which the user may sustain as a result of being allowed access to the Service. The user agrees to be solely
  responsible
  for any such loss, infringement, damage, or injury.

  Terms of Service:
  By clicking the accept button, below, the user agrees to comply with and to be legally bound by the terms of this
  Policy. If this Policy or any terms of the Service are unacceptable or become unacceptable to the user, the user's
  only
  right shall be to terminate his or her use of the Service.

  Lawful Use:
  The Service may only be used for lawful purposes and in a manner which we believe to be consistent with the rights of
  other users. The Service shall not be used in a manner which would violate any law or infringe any copyright,
  trademark,
  trade secret, right of publicity, privacy right, or any other right of any person or entity. The Service shall not be
  used for the purpose of accessing, transmitting, or storing material which is considered obscene, libelous or
  defamatory. Illegal acts may subject users to prosecution by local, state, federal, or international authorities. We
  may
  bring legal action to enjoin violations of this Policy and/or to collect damages, if any, caused by violations.

  The user specifically agrees to the following conditions:
  The user will use the Service only as permitted by applicable local, state, federal, and International laws. The user
  will refrain from any actions that we consider to be negligent or malicious. The user will not send email containing
  viruses or other malicious or damaging software. The user will run appropriate anti-virus software to remove such
  damaging software from his or her computer. The user will not access web sites which contain material that is grossly
  offensive to us, including clear expressions of bigotry, racism, or hatred. The user will not access web sites which
  contain material that defames, abuses, or threatens others.

  Changes to Service:
  We reserve the right to change the Service offered, the features of the Service offered, the terms of this Policy, or
  its system without notice to the user.

  By clicking the ACCEPT button at the bottom of this page, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to this
  Policy.